[Autogenerated] all right, here we are in visual studio code.
I've got my exercise files going down the left.
The folder that we're interested in here is called to Dash West Dash Vpc.
And in here we've got a set of commands.
We've got our main dot t f file and if you want to change what
the variables are used in the main dot T f,
you can rename that terra form dot t f far as that example to terra form
dot t f bars and then update the settings within it.
Let's take a look at what's in that main dot t f.
Okay,
so the first thing we're doing is establishing some variables and you'll
notice this is very similar to the Dev VPC configuration.
Except now we're creating to VPC s instead of just one.
So first we have to define a region one which will be US East
one and then a region to which is us West one.
You can also change these by submitting different values
for the variable falsy scrolling down.
We're going to define our vpc cider range for the East vpc so
that's gonna be 10 10.0 dot zero slash 16 and then the cider
ranges for the public sub nets and the database sub nets in
that east VPC scrolling down.
We repeat the same thing for the West vpc So we have our cider range and
then the public sub nets and finally the database sub nets.
Alright,
so that sets up all of our values we're going to use for the configuration.
All right, scrolling down, we get into the interesting part,
which is the providers,
and we have to providers being created here to instances of the AWS provider.
They're almost the same with a few minor changes.
If we look at the first provider,
you could see that the region is set to hvar dot region underscore
one which is us East one the way that we have that variable
configured and we're giving it the alias of East.
So we know that this instance of the provider is dealing with the U.
S.
East one region,
the second provider is using var dot region underscore to which we
have set to us West one and the alias is set to west.
So we know that this provider is dealing with the US West one region.
We aren't specifying any credentials in here,
so it's just going to use the default profile in our credentials
file that we created in the previous module.
All right, so that's everything for the providers.
Let's scroll down a little bit and we get into data sources and
you'll remember from the Dev VPC configuration.
We query the availability zones for each region,
so we know which availability zones to use for our sub nets.
As part of the configuration for this data source,
I've specified a provider argument,
and that's how it knows which provider to use when
it's querying the availability zones.
This way,
I will get the availability zones for us East one and the
availability zones for us West one scrolling down some more.
We get into our modules and I've got the first module here for VPC East.
We're using the same VPC module that we used in the Dev VPC.
You notice the name for this is prod vpc east,
and we're giving it the proper variables for the cider ranges,
the public sub nets and the database sub nets.
The important part is down at the providers level you'll see
under providers who have said it equal to a map where a W S
is equal to a W s dot east.
So that's how the module knows to use the A W s dot
east instance of the provider.
If we scroll down to the VPC West module, you'll note it's basically the same.
Except we swapped out the proper variables for our west VPC.
And if we scroll down under the provider section just as,
you would expect we've set a W s equal to a W s dot west.
So that sets up everything we need to create these two VP CSS.
If we scroll down a little bit more,
we get to the outputs and the outputs are simply the vpc IDE for the
East vpc and the VPC IDE for the West Vpc All right,
that's the entire configuration. So why don't we go about deploying that using terra form